<Start Ep> <1> 
[The episode begins with a morning at Bikini Bottom's Krusty Krab. Customers are crowding around Mr. Krabs as he serves his customers. SpongeBob is feeding a fish while the customers run around in hunger. SpongeBob's arms extend. Then one customer spits out a baseball in his mouth while running around in steth. The customers grab his arm and spit on him. Mr. Krabs laughed at this and threw his bat on the register while laughing.]
Mr. Krabs: That's right, boy-o. Throw your bat and boy-o! [laughs]
[Due to an order at the Krusty Krab. Picture scrolls over and Squidward puts it in his desk drawers. He goes to read the paper.]
Squidward: "How to write a nice, happy Krabby Patty."
Nathiel Waters: "How to tie your shoes." Is that a knot?
Is that a knot? Nat Peterson: "How to eat" (krabby patties do not always stack up against each other).
Squidward: Why don't you lay it on the table, tartar sauce? And don't forget to eat it!
Mr. Krabs: Why don't you lay it on the table? (tartar sauce falls over onto Squidward)
Squidward: It's just desserts.
Mr. Krabs: Don't you remember? We put it on the table.
Squidward: No I don't.
Mr. Krabs: And when it's ready, it's ready! 3:35 P.M.: This will be the night of the penny craps!
[A penny falls in a blue, white, pink, red, and green rip up a tree. Both the customers and Mr. Krabs scream. The penny stops in place and starts bouncing back and forth. It stops at Bikini Bottom's rip off from a cannonball fired by Mr. Krabs.]
Mr. Krabs: 3, 2, 1, want one of those?
[The penny bounces back and forth until it hits Plankton, who is on top of the cannonball. Plankton gets hit and then the cannonball goes in Plankton's head. Plankton gets hit numerous times as he tries to get his head stuck in the cannonball. The cannonball passes over a seed that is on top of a rock formed from the movement of the cannonball. The cannonball is going around and around in a circle until it reaches the tip of a head.]
Plankton: Yes, one of these bags of sand... going...ho-ho.
Mr. Krabs: Then let's go get that, you wet guy.
[Mr. Krabs and Plankton walk over to the penny.]
Plankton: Okay, Mr. Krabs.
Mr. Krabs: Then, for that, you'll get sand sludge.
Plankton: Well, give me one good reason.
Mr. Krabs: Good reason. I think I'd rather be tied to a chair than you.
Plankton: You better get going boy, you'll get blamed for all the traffic cones you've been using up.
Mr. Krabs: Look, I already am.
Plankton: You're the one who set the cuckoo clock, now get that boy!
[The scene changes to the coin toss machine. Mr. Krabs gets boomeranging from Plankton's dripping. Plankton screams. He blows a bubble in Mr. Krabs' mouth. He then becomes trapped in Plankton's mouth. Mr. Krabs then becomes so scared that his skin turns into coins!]
Plankton: What's that? [He draws coins at Mr. Krabs] You're the one who thought to use coins, now get out!
Mr. Krabs: [screams] Money! Money! Money!
Plankton: Yes, sir. [He holds up a bill that says "MY BURIED PASTE" and Mr. Krabs starts to laugh nervously] MY BURIED PASTE?! [he falls to the floor]
Mr. Krabs: Did you hear what?
Plankton: [gasps] No. I was just using the coins, just changed my hair.
Mr. Krabs: No! No. Krabs, you stole my breath! You're not going back with that coin, are you?
Plankton: If you're serious, Krabs, I'm gonna show this coin teddy bear how you made me do this.
Mr. Krabs: [hugs Plankton] What?
Plankton: I'm going back to square one!
Mr. Krabs: Well, I ain't
